docs: add `nlb` (#3225)
aws/copilot-cli: site/content/docs/concepts/services.en.md

If you want your service to serve internet traffic then you have two options:

* "Request-Driven Web Service" will provision an AWS App Runner Service to run your service. 
* "Load Balanced Web Service" will provision an Application Load Balancer, a Network Load Balancer or both, along with 
  security groups, an ECS service on Fargate to run your service.

#### Request-Driven Web Service
An AWS App Runner service that autoscales your instances based on incoming traffic and scales down to a baseline instance when there's no traffic. This option is more cost effective for HTTP services with sudden bursts in request volumes or low request volumes.

#### Load Balanced Web Service
An ECS Service running tasks on Fargate with an Application Load Balancer, a Network Load Balancer or both, as ingress. 

> This option is suitable for HTTP or TCP services with steady request volumes that need to access resources in a VPC or 
> require advanced configuration. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This option is suitable for HTTP or TCP services with steady request volumes that need to access resources in a VPC or require advanced configuration. 
```
We don't need to start a new line here right 🤔

Author: This doesn't get renderred as a real newline in the doc. It's rendered as a newline only if there are two newlines here. I did this just because it's easier to see in the editor.

> Note that an Application Load Balancer is an environment-level resource, and is shared by all Load Balanced Web Service 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note that an Application Load Balancer is an environment-level resource, and is shared by all Load Balanced Web Services
```

> within the environment. To learn more, see [here](environments.en.md#load-balancers-and-dns). However, a Network Load Balancer 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
within the environment. To learn more, go [here](environments.en.md#load-balancers-and-dns). In contrast, a Network Load Balancer 
```

> is a service-level resource, and hence is not shared across services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is a service-level resource, which is not shared across services.
```

> Below is a diagram for a Load Balanced Web Service that involves an Application Load Balancer only.

Reviewer: Maybe
```suggestion
Below is a diagram for an Application Load Balancer.
```

Author: But I thought it was really a diagram for an LBWS 🤔  ALB is just a part of it.

Reviewer: oh that's right.
